♪Only after bloom comes fruit♪
♪Who says glory must fade to the past♪
♪Only through thunder
do you reach the clouds♪
♪Who made you the crown of every peak♪
♪I stand at the center of the stage♪
♪My shadow is pinned against the wall♪
♪Facing the light earns every medal♪
♪Little birds,
save your needless pecking♪
♪The open sky rises high♪
♪When night falls,
the moon begins to shine♪
♪I stand in the heart of these lands♪
♪My shadow bears no crown or robe♪
♪Then I know truth needs no disguise♪
♪The green hills see me as I am♪
♪Like dew, lightning,
and moon on the river♪
♪Showing me exactly who I am♪
=The Lead=
=Episode 26=
There are three beds here.
Where's the other guy?
Just the two of us, Uncle.
Get up.
Sleep over there. I'm sleeping here.
Why?
Closer to the door. Easier for me.
Are you glued to the bed?
What are you doing?
Brushing my teeth.
What now?
Taking a leak.
I can't go with you watching me.
What are you doing? Hurry up.
I've been exhausted all day.
Get to bed early.
Why didn't he close the door?
Thanks for today.
It's just a tiny thing.
Here's the deal.
You're heading back tomorrow.
Qin'e will report to her unit.
Once the boss returns,
she'll be busy with work and rehearsals.
We won't have time for you.
Just focus on your own things.
Don't worry about me.
Good night.
I'm a light sleeper.
Any little noise,
and I wake right up.
I can hear a pin drop.
Uncle.
Your face...
Was it from an explosion?
See? What did I tell you?
I heard from a Laoshan Frontline comrade.
He transported the wounded.
What?
You don't believe me?
Let me tell you,
people all say I
only drove in the rear, not the front.
But,
he really went to the frontline.
He saw those soldiers
fighting to defend our home.
No one backed down.
Every single one risked their lives.
So,
as soon as I saw you,
I felt a special connection.
You are just like those people
he described as burnt pitch-black.
Exactly the same.
This night was too long.
Yi Qin'e couldn't sleep at all.
Unable to sleep, she had to practice.
She could only think of the past.
Thinking of the County Troupe.
Thinking of Feng Xiaoxiao.
Yi Qin'e liked Feng Xiaoxiao.
But Master Gou told her
that actors shouldn't fall in love.
If they do,
the performance will suffer.
She could only let her feelings
sink deep down,
into the dirt,
and slowly fade away
until they disappeared.
But sometimes it still hurt her deeply.
Where did you go instead of practicing?
Just went around.
Come here.
Come here. Come on.
Step forward. I won't bite.
Want some?
Don't you want to go to Chang'an?
What's this?
With this,
forget about Chang'an.
Even to Antarctica,
or Africa,
or the heart of the girl you like.
You can go instantly.
Anywhere you want.
Here.
You fool.
Don't skip work tomorrow.
Go rest. Go on.
What?
Save some for me!
Save some!
Save it!
Think of Chang'an.
Think fast!
It's all gone.
Stop playing dumb.
What are you saying?
What did you say?
Little brat.
Kept saying no, then drank half my bottle.
He arrived in Chang'an.
Beautiful.
Beautiful, so beautiful!
Where are you?
Laidi.
Laidi?
Laidi!
What is it, Uncle?
Took you forever to open up.
Didn't Liu Hongbing come see you?
Uncle!
Qin'e is up too.
Hurry!
Try our Chang'an breakfast.
Okay, okay.
Tofu pudding, Youtiao, Jinggao.
- Got everything.
- Alright, alright.
And there's more.
Fresh Tangyougao. I kept it
warm inside my jacket.
Have you eaten?
Not yet.
Hurry and eat.
Okay.
Go back and eat.
Alright.
So good.
Eat up.
I get annoyed just seeing him.
I don't know what to do.
Just eat first.
I'm not eating it.
I don't want to owe him any favors.
I asked around.
Take Bus 14 outside for five stops,
for the Provincial Troupe.
After you eat,
head to the Troupe.
Do your rehearsals
or go find Master Gu.
Leave him to me.
Uncle, where are we going?
We're heading out for a bit.
To the Provincial Troupe?
No.
Then where to?
Just drive and follow my lead.
Where's Qin'e?
Practicing in her room.
Once we head out,
you'll drive straight south.
What?
Qin'e isn't coming?
Won't you take my orders?
I will, I will.
Alright, get in.
Head straight south out the gate.
Isn't Qin'e coming?
Fine, fine, fine.
Get in.
Director Ding.
Chen, stop listening to the radio.
Keep an eye on the gate.
Do your duty.
One more thing.
If the new guys ask if the leaders are in,
tell them we're all out.
Hello, I'm looking for someone.
Nobody's here. They're all out.
I'm looking for Master Gu.
Master Gu?
The guy in the coat all day?
The out-of-town old man putting on airs?
Walk in and turn left at the end.
It's right by the felt tent.
Over there?
Thank you.
Didn't the leader give us a
side room?
You're not sleeping on the street.
The leader said
we'll get a room when one opens up.
Yeah, right.
Just listen to your nonsense.
If there's an empty room,
before the Troupe even assigns it,
someone will pry the door open.
You silly old man.
Heartless jerk.
Who are you looking for?
Qing'e!
Master!
Master, look who's here!
Qing'e is here!
Master.
Qing'e.
Come on in, come on in.
So great you're here.
Quick, bring out my good tea.
Brew some for her.
This is great, so great.
Qing'e, sit down.
Sit, sit.
When did you arrive?
Just yesterday.
Just yesterday?
Good, good. Sit, sit.
Sit, sit.
I'm so glad you came.
Do you know
why I called you here?
To perform?
Let me tell you.
This is no ordinary play.
It's what Gou has been dreaming of.
"You Xi Hu".
The Regional Opera Festival is at year-end.
The province wants a good show for Beijing.
After much consideration,
they decided "You Xi Hu" is the best.
They asked me to be the Director.
That's why I had to call you over.
I only feel confident with you here.
Stop smoking, will you?
The kid is choking.
She needs to protect her voice!
Go chat outside if it's too smoky.
You...
It's fine. It's okay.
I'm fine, Master.
Did the Troupe Leader tell you anything?
I haven't seen the Troupe Leader yet.
Did you see Director Ding,
Deputy Troupe Leader?
So where are you staying?
The Troupe has no dorms. I'm on my own.
That Shan the Cripple.
He promised me!
Let's go to the General Affairs Section.
- Don't forget the bed board!
- Let's go.
Let's go. Go.
Qing'e, let's go find the Troupe Leader.
Grab my coat.
Just look at him.
Always so eager to help others.
Section Chief Wang.
Why are you here again?
I told you many times.
No bed boards. No bed boards!
Even the wooden boards here
are all strictly accounted for.
If you take an extra one,
I'll have to dismantle my own bed for you.
I'm not here for the board.
Then what?
Did the Troupe Leader tell you?
The empty side room next to mine is
the new comrade's dorm room now.
- No.
- Impossible.
Troupe Leader Shan promised me himself.
Why would I lie to you?
Only lead actors get assigned housing.
Why should a newcomer
get a dorm room?
He specially approved it!
Then go talk to him about it.
Where is he?
He's out for a meeting.
How about this?
Give me the key first.
When he gets back,
I'll have him tell you himself, okay?
Come on, I'll get the bed board for you.
Let's go.
Just a tiny Section Chief.
Letting power go to your head, huh?
You just wait.
I'm going to your boss!
Go complain to whoever.
Master, let me find my own place.
Don't worry about it.
Where on earth are they?
All having a crappy meeting?
I see you!
- Master, someone's here!
- Who?
- Someone's inside, look!
I see a shadow.
Open the door!
Open up! I see you!
Who is it?
Master, right inside.
- Master, stop looking.
- You can't hide!
Don't worry. I brought you here.
I must properly arrange.
The cast list for You Xi Hu.
Don't just watch, come help.
Help me tear this.
Okay.
Is Li Huiniang
played by so many people?
One, two, three, four.
(Yi Qin'e as Role F)
Master, the sixth one...
Excuse me,
can I ask you something?
There used to be a Factory 618 here,
later renamed Zhongnan Food Factory.
Is it here?
You mean Zhongnan Food Factory?
You see this?
This whole area was part of it.
They moved. It's been empty for a while.
They moved?
Why are you laughing?
Such a huge factory,
abandoned just like that.
Hey, brother.
Why are you here?
I go wherever it takes me.
This stubborn donkey
only grazes right here.
So I have to come here every day.
Did you work here too?
You could say that.
I used to be the gatekeeper.
Zhang Guangrong and Hua Caixiang,
do you know the couple?
Zhang Guangrong?
Rings a bell.
They had a boy with them.
Where did they move to?
I don't know.
The folks came from all over.
The factory's closed. Everyone's gone.
Let's go.
Uncle.
The person you're looking for...
Lost.
Let me help you.
There's no one Liu Hongbing can't find.
Why gave me that look?
I've got connections.
Move aside!
Stop hitting him!
You'll beat him to death!
Don't run!
Stop there!
Run!
Oh my gosh!
Are you okay?
My neck... I can't move my neck.
What's wrong?
Don't move. Come on.
- What are you doing?
- Don't move.
Who are you? What are you doing?
Okay.
How's that?
So?
Okay now.
Not bad.
Buddy.
You've got some real skills.
Who do you run with?
Get checked at a hospital.
In case of internal injuries.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
Lifesaver.
Thanks for your help.
I'm Diao Laohei from Diaojia Village.
See you around.
Stop running!
Where is he off to now?
What's going on?
He's fighting again?
Should've just left him alone.
This...
Look at this mess.
Where'd you learn to do that?
Hurry and eat.
Then in a bit,
we'll hit a bathhouse for a scrub.
Chang'an has great bathhouses.
What?
Feeling unwell anywhere?
I can fix it for you.
No, thanks.
I feel fine.
Tear the buns.
This won't work, Master.
I'll just give up the house.
What are you doing? Stop!
Director Ding is here.
Gu, what are you doing?
I couldn't stop him.
My apprentice bumped his head as a kid.
He hates being stopped.
He'd smash a lock if it got in his way,
let alone a person.
Situan, let's just drop it.
Stop!
See?
There's no stopping him.
Gu.
The Troupe is tight on housing.
We can't provide housing for new comrades.
No exceptions for anyone.
Is that so?
I saw that. You smashed it.
Director Ding.
Don't go near. It's dangerous.
But...
for comrades who are truly in need,
we won't just ignore them.
We operate on
the principle of serving the people.
We must follow procedures for everything.
It has to follow the rules, right?
This matter
completely follows the rules.
Troupe Leader Shan promised me himself.
But he's not here right now.
She's already here.
I can't let her sleep on the street.
So I had to make the call myself.
If you don't believe me, just ask.
Understood. Understood!
I'm here now, aren't I?
Wang, give the newcomer the keys.
Still necessary?
You must be the newcomer from Ningzhou.
Welcome, welcome.
Yi Qin'e.
Deputy leader of Ningzhou County Troupe.
Qin'e.
This is Director Ding, Performance Section.
If you need anything,
just trouble Director Ding.
Don't shoulder it all yourself.
No, no.
It's no trouble at all.
It's just bad timing.
Troupe Leader, deputies, and key staff
are all out on business.
So I'm handling everything here.
We'll find time later
to have a proper talk, alright?
I'll get back to work.
Wang, pick up the lock.
Situan,
hurry up and tidy the room.
Just settle in for now.
Don't worry about a thing.
I've got you.
What belongs to us,
slowly,
we'll get it all back.
The show is over.
Go back.
(Saving water is everyone's duty)
(Stay Clean; Bathhouse)
(Welcome to People's Bathhouse)
Did I lose him when taking a bath?
Hongbing.
Where's she?
She checked out.
Checked out?
Where did she go?
I don't know.
I think her company assigned her a place.
What?
What the heck?
Hongbing, where are you going?
None of your business.
Go, go, go.
Look. A, B, C, D, E, F.
It's already down to F.
Some star? What star?
She's just an extra.
All the top Qinqiang Opera singers
are gathered right here.
She's now a hen surrounded by phoenixes.
Let me tell you.
Our Qin'e is the real phoenix.
Do you know her biggest strength?
Being blunt!
An unassuming look hides a sharp edge.
Appear harmless outside, stay sharp inside.
That's her exactly.
I've got it all figured out.
Her skills are a part of her and no one
can take them away.
We have nothing to fear.
You old fox, you're so sly.
Enough about me, what about you?
What are your plans?
Stay in Chang'an.
I'm like bricks from a torn-down house.
Useless no matter where I go.
Broken or not, Qin bricks and Han tiles
are still valuable in Chang'an.
Let's be serious.
If you play the drums for us,
I'll feel much more confident.
Let's win this battle for Qin'e first.
Don't worry, I've got her back.
Situan, how's the food?
Situan is back?
I had no choice.
Though he's my relative's only boy,
I had to bring him out here.
Right.
How did you find a wife?
We divorced long ago.
After we got famous in Beishan,
she found me and said
she had nowhere else to go.
I felt bad for her.
So we made do living together.
Master, you called for me?
Where's the Mo?
She said there's no Mo, only words.
What words?
She said this.
No food!
Your master is a fool!
All he does every day is rehearse.
He won't even light the stove!
Let the old geezer freeze to death!
That's exactly what she said.
Blockhead, get lost!
She's great. What a personality.
See why we got divorced?
How did you find this place?
Is this the place they gave you?
There's nothing here.
Come on, let's go.
Put it down. Come back with me.
- Let's go.
- Stop pulling me!
I'm not going!
You can't stay here.
Just look at this place.
It's completely unlivable.
What's going on?
Uncle Sanyuan.
How did you find this place?
Look at this place.
It's not fit for humans.
Go, go.
Watch what you say.
Do the people living here
not look human to you?
Right, right.
I'll rephrase that.
You don't have to stay at the guesthouse.
My buddy has an apartment in Duanlyumen.
It's very close to here.
It even has an indoor bathroom.
Mountain folks are used to hardship.
We like it here just fine.
Stop worrying and just go. Go.
Without a decent place to live,
how can she put on a good show?
Just leave! Go!
Uncle, let me know if she wants to move.
No big deal.
No need.
I'll see myself out.
His skin is thicker than
the city wall.
What a pain...
What if he comes back?
Keep the door locked.
Draw a line. He's not allowed in.
Talking nonsense?
"Shut up."
Pestering you?
"Get lost."
Use those moves.
Hit him hard with them.
I bet that'll scare him off.
I don't think he's scared.
You're grown up now.
Guys will naturally chase you.
You need to learn to say no.
Do you remember Aunt Hua?
Learn from her.
She'd yell and scratch right away.
She'd rip their mouths for talking nonsense.
Aunt Hua did scold you before.
But you never pursued her.
I said learn from her. Why bring me up?
I wonder what she is doing now.
Where are you going?
Just crash at my place for the night.
Don't worry about me.
I have plenty of places to go.
Just take care of yourself.
I'll go say goodbye to your master.
Can't you stop smoking?
You're choking everyone.
What are you even practicing?
Look at your wrinkled face.
- Don't listen.
- Think you belong on stage?
Let's go, Uncle. Don't listen.
What else would I do but smoke?
Your master has changed too.
He doesn't dare to talk back.
Forget it. Let's not interrupt them.
Everything changes.
But once you master the skills,
they will never change.
Just like I said...
I know what I have to do.
Sir.
People can't just walk in here, right?
Of course not.
Keep an eye on that guy at the door.
Don't let him in.
Who?
That guy.
Why haven't you left yet?
What are you doing here?
Waiting for you.
Why wait for me?
Qin'e has a place to stay, but you don't.
Let's head back.
Since when do I need you?
Uncle.
There's a killer in Chang'an, Wei Zhenhai.
He has a gun and is very dangerous.
Can you relax if we don't live together?
Aren't you afraid I'll
sneak over late and bother Qin'e?
You little brat!
Uncle.
The way you snore
sounds just like my dad.
It puts my mind at ease.
Come on.
Let's go.
What are you doing?
Let's head back.
Let's go.
Listen.
The rent for this room.
We'll split it evenly.
Uncle, why are you doing this?
A slap in the face?
Fine, you win.
Have it your way.
I'll find a place to stay soon
and move out.
Uncle.
What are you doing?
You're so defensive with me.
I truly care about Qin'e.
I swear.
The first time I saw Qin'e,
I knew what I'd be like in 40 years.
Be like what?
You idiot.
Her priority now is singing well.
Got it?
I know.
I love her singing too.
I won't get in her way.
You're so shameless.
You...
Listen to me, kid.
In this line of work,
when actors take the stage,
most of the crowd just likes
their pretty painted faces.
Looks will fade sooner or later.
Strip the skin and the flesh inside...
Few people would actually want.
But with Qin'e,
forget the flesh,
I'd even take the nuts.
You're the one who's nuts!
Uncle, why are you mad?
I'm not staying here.
I'm leaving!
- Uncle, don't!
- So mad!
- Please stay.
- Let go!
Bring me the towel!
Here.
Xiaoxiao?
Xiaoxiao.
Xiaoxiao, it's me!
It's Laidi!
Xiaoxiao!
The woody scent of the barre,
the smell of sweat on the carpet,
mixed with the dust of old costumes,
all wash over her at once.
Yi Qin'e feels grounded.
It's the scent she knows best.
Once she starts training and rehearsing,
she can leave
all her troubles behind.
Master Gou once summarized her.
Hardworking.
Slow to grasp.
Slow to get into character.
Later,
he added a few more traits.
Good memory.
Diligent practice.
Solid acting.
Learning through sheer hard work
is her only way out.
(Innovate)
Why clean the rehearsal hall at all?
Why are we so unlucky?
You have the nerve to say that?
You got caught 'cause you're slow.
Hurry up.
While they're still asleep,
we can still go back to sleep.
Who's she?
Shh, be quiet.
Zhou Yuzhi.
Hurry and practice, stop doing your makeup.
I'm not you.
Why bother practicing?
I'll still be an extra anyway.
♪Old Yang Ye weeps tears of blood♪
♪Head bowed, cursing the heavens♪
♪Since Pan Renmei was born♪
♪There shouldn't♪
Why's everyone so active today?
Looks like our classmate.
Yi Qing'e!
It really is you!
=The Lead=
(Preview)
Stop.
Even less than a minute.
How does this help shape the character?
Rigid.
What?
Actor A sings
nothing like our county troupe's actors.
Completely different styles.
The Provincial Troupe pursues
a modern, trendy style.
She's only an extra.
Why are you worried?
I won't allow her to steal my chance.
(Mahjong)
I saw you've got rooms for rent.
♪When I woke up and turned back♪
♪I wasn't sure where to go♪
♪We met and brushed past♪
♪Your shadow drifted out of sight♪
♪The stove fire blazed in my dream♪
♪Lit up the tracks of pearly tears♪
♪In my dream, water sleeves flew♪
♪Hiding a lifetime of love♪
♪The Qinling Mountains
crossed the stage♪
♪Spring water brewed strong wine♪
♪Sheep moved through the valley♪
♪It felt like a promise
from another life♪
♪When I woke up and turned back♪
♪I wasn't sure where to go♪
♪If I chose again, I'd still roam♪
♪All over this sunlit plateau♪
♪The dream ends; the curtain falls♪
♪Moonlight washes off this stage makeup♪
♪The one in the mirror wears gray hair♪
♪Already sang all my joy and sorrow♪
♪Already shouted across Qinchuan Plain♪